# investment

The problem that I was solving in this program was allowing users to calculate their investments over time depending on how much they deposit. I feel some things that I did well here was using OOP principles. The main function here has very minimal code, all of the logic is hidden away in my investment object. Another thing I feel that I did really well was comment everything that I did when making the program. I feel that anyone who goes back and looks at my code can understand everything that is going on here. One thing that I feel could enhance my code is using try catch statement to make sure that the input is valid. This would make the program somewhat bulletproof form any user who makes a mistake when inputting information. This was one of my first times working on c++ so one thing that I found challenging was integrating one class into the main. I am used to using java and in java you don’t have to explicitly say this piece of code is public. So, whenever I tried to inherit my investment class into my main class it would say this is private and I couldn’t figure out why. I eventually found out that I had to set an entire section of the class to public. I used to google and stack overflow to figure this out.  A skill that I feel will transfer well from this project is my using of C++ OOP principles. Every interview and programming course goes over OOP principles so using this here I know will transfer over into my future work.  Again my using of OOP I feel made this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable. I used thorough comments and left minimal code in the main class. 
